In this lecture, we start to learn about test energy.
So what is testing?
Testing is a testing framework for the Java programming language created by Cedric Buist and is inspired
by J Unit an n unit.
N.G. stands the next generation and test engines designed to make end to end test in easy.
And it achieves this by providing a number of useful features.
One example is the use of annotations, and these are like commands.
For example, we can use the test annotation to set a code block to be a test case.
Another example is reported and how testing can easily show us how many test cases passed, failed or
were skipped.
Say we had ten test cases that we ran to test the web page using Chrome browser.
Eight has passed without problem.
To test foward because the elements were not visible.
As we already passed eight tests, it would make sense to run them again.
Instead, we can run just the two tests that failed.
Thanks to the feature of the test in G.
There is multiple ways we can do this in testing.
And testing even generates a special file that we can use to run all our test cases.
It's important to know that testing is not a framework specific to Selenium Web driver.
Test energy can be used for many other Java related projects.
Our purpose is to use test and J to bring flexibility and useful features to our Selenium web driver
tests.
This will allow us to declare tests, prioritize them, and choose which tests to run.
Testing also comes with its own assertions.
If we think back to when we covered assertions earlier in the course, we were actually using a J unit
class called Assert.
The assertions allows us to test for expected values in our tests.
And testing has its own version of the asset class, which has some additional features.
This helps us construct useful tests to ensure web applications are producing the results we expect.
Test and g also come to its own reports.
These are reports that we can use to assess how our tests performed.
We clearly see which tests have passed or failed.
We can even assess which methods even passed or failed.
Reports are useful to summarise key events that took place, especially for managers and non-technical
people that don't understand the technical details of our tests.
For now.
Just remember, testing provides us with annotations which allows us to control how our testing code
runs.
Assertions that are useful to test behaviour and values.
The ability to prioritize our tests reports to see what tests have passed, failed or were skipped.
And an easy way to configure and control our tests.
All the above will be covered in far more detail in the upcoming lectures.
Thank you for watching.